This is the villa I prepared for you.
Do you like it? Wow, what an exquisite home umbrella.
Looks like you guys didn't lie to me.
It's actually Leeteuk, the president of the clothing company.
Open!
How do I feel about this picture?
Remember, you don't know what to do?
Ha ha.
I haven't been here for too long.
That thing.
Brush your face ha ha ha ha ha
Yes, yes, yes, ice.
Not long ago, I upgraded my facial brushing system, ha ha
Open it.
Let me see if you guys are here.
I'm also not the homeowner.
Cannot be brushed.
Bring the vice president here.
Face brushing failed
Your information was not entered
Your information was not entered into the facial brush failed
What the hell?
Why doesn't my information have my information on my door?
Sorry, Vice President Vuong.
I'm not too busy.
There was a moment
I really consider you a vice president.
Didn't know your age.
Too bad.